README.md, before:

# Worker List Application

This worker list application allows you to manage and view information about workers. Below are the main features of the application:

by: Miguel Ángel Díaz Merino

## Key Features

1. **Sort Workers:** You can sort workers in the list by name, last name, and country to quickly find the information you need.

2. **User Deletion:** You have the ability to delete users from the list. Once deleted, users can be recovered or permanently deleted, depending on your needs.

3. **Search by Countries:** Use the search function to filter workers by country. This makes it easy to find specific workers or those from a particular country.

4. **Reset Users:** You can recover deleted users.

5. **Style Customization:** The application offers style customization options. You can change the appearance of user table rows.

6. **Clean architecture:** The code is strictly structured, organized and clean.

## Using the Application

1. **Sort Workers:** Click on the column headers "Name," "Last Name," or "Country" to sort workers in ascending or descending order.

2. **Delete Users:** Click the delete button next to a user to remove them. You can recover or permanently delete users from the deleted users view.

3. **Search by Countries:** Use the search field to filter workers by country. The list will update in real-time as you type.

4. **Deleted Users Filters:** Use the `Deleted` and `Reset users`.

5. **Style Customization:** Click `Colums color` option in the settings to adjust the users table appearance.

## Technologies Used

- **Vite**
- **React**

- **Redux**
- **Typescript**

- **Tailwind CSS**

## Installation and Execution

1. Clone this repository to your local machine:

   ```bash
   git clone <repository URL>
   ```

2. Use npm to install the dependencies:

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

3. Run the app in your browser:

   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

Commit message:

added app link in readme

README.md, after:

# Worker List Application

This worker list application allows you to manage and view information about workers. Below are the main features of the application:

by: Miguel Ángel Díaz Merino

[Link to test the app](https://workerlist.vercel.app/)

https://workerlist.vercel.app/

## Key Features

1. **Sort Workers:** You can sort workers in the list by name, last name, and country to quickly find the information you need.

2. **User Deletion:** You have the ability to delete users from the list. Once deleted, users can be recovered or permanently deleted, depending on your needs.

3. **Search by Countries:** Use the search function to filter workers by country. This makes it easy to find specific workers or those from a particular country.

4. **Reset Users:** You can recover deleted users.

5. **Style Customization:** The application offers style customization option. You can change the appearance of user table rows.

6. **Clean architecture:** The code is strictly structured, organized and clean.

## Using the Application

1. **Sort Workers:** Click on the column headers "Name," "Last Name," or "Country" to sort workers in ascending or descending order.

2. **Delete Users:** Click the delete button next to a user to remove them. You can recover or permanently delete users from the deleted users view.

3. **Search by Countries:** Use the search field to filter workers by country. The list will update in real-time as you type.

4. **Deleted Users Filters:** Use the `Deleted` and `Reset users`.

5. **Style Customization:** Click `Colums color` option in the settings to adjust the users table appearance.

## Technologies Used

- **Vite**
- **React**

- **Redux**
- **Typescript**

- **Tailwind CSS**
- **React Icons**

## Installation and Execution

1. Clone this repository to your local machine:

   ```bash
   git clone <repository URL>
   ```

2. Use npm to install the dependencies:

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

3. Run the app in your browser:

   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```
